1. Create a file friends.txt with a list of names of three of your friends on separate lines
echo "rao" >> friends1.txt; echo "natraj" >> friends1.txt
echo "andrew" >> friends1.txt 

2. Display the contents of friends.txt on the console
cat friends1.txt 

3. Rename file friends.txt to homies.txt
4. Make a copy of homies.txt under the name humans.txt
5. List all files whose name begins with letter 'h' and ends with extension txt
6. Write a command that will tell you how many bytes  are taken up by file humans.txt
7. Create file cars.txt with a list of 5 brands of cars on separate lines
8. Check how many bytes are taken up by the file
9. Copy the file cars.txt into directory /tmp
10. List all files with extension *.txt in directory /tmp and verify that the file was copied properly.
11. Without leaving your home directory rename file cars.txt located in /tmp to vehicles.txt in /tmp
12. Concatenate the contents of files 'cars.txt' and 'humans.txt' into file 'carsandhumans.txt'
13. Create directory 'series3'.
14. Move files cars.txt and humans.txt into directory 'series3'
15. List contents of 'series3' directory in details.
16. Search the web or use manual page by issuing: man cp on how to copy a directory with all its contents.
17. In one commandls make a copy of directory 'series3' and all its contents under name 'series3copy'.
18. List contents of series3 and series3copy directories in two separate commands to verify copying was successful.
19. How do you get to the home folder from anywhere
20. Change directory to /etc but using RELATIVE path only, in one command.
21. Display the contents of 'passwd' file on the screen.
22. Display the contents of 'passwd' file on the screen interactively (so you can search, scroll up and down)
23. Change directory to /var/log but using RELATIVE path only, in one command (assuming you're in etc)
24. Display the contents of 'syslog' file on the screen interactively (so you can search, scroll up and down)
25. Copy file 'syslog' to your home directory under the name 'systemlog.txt' using path relative to home directory, in one command.
26. Copy file 'syslog' to your home directory under the name 'systemlog.txt' using path relative to home directory, in one command.
27. What is the contents or purpose of /etc? - Three things
28. What is the contents or purpose of /var? - 4 examples
29. What is the contents or purpose of /home?
30. What is the contents or purpose of /mnt?
31. Give a list of 4 main directories that contain executable files.
32. What is the path to the main/default log file used by the operating system?
33.Sort /etc/passwd using the uid (first field) as the key. (sort)

